README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nunomaduro/skeleton-php/master/docs/example.png" height="300" alt="Skeleton Php">
    <p align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/nunomaduro/skeleton-php/actions"><img alt="GitHub Workflow Status (master)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/nunomaduro/skeleton-php/Continuous Integration/master"></a>
        <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/nunomaduro/skeleton-php"><img alt="Total Downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/nunomaduro/skeleton-php"></a>
        <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/nunomaduro/skeleton-php"><img alt="Latest Version" src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/nunomaduro/skeleton-php"></a>
        <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/nunomaduro/skeleton-php"><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/nunomaduro/skeleton-php"></a>
    </p>
</p>

------
This package provides a wonderful **PHP Skeleton** to start building your next package idea.

> **Requires [PHP 7.3.0+](https://php.net/releases/)**

⚡️ Create your package using [Composer](https://getcomposer.org):

```bash
composer create-project nunomaduro/skeleton-php --prefer-source PackageName
```

🧹 Lint the code using **PHP CS Fixer**:
```bash
composer lint
```

⚗️ Run static analysis using **PHPStan**:
```bash
composer test:types
```

✅ Run unit tests using **PEST**
```bash
composer test:unit
```

🚀 Run the entire test suite:
```bash
composer test
```

**Skeleton PHP** was created by **[Nuno Maduro](https://twitter.com/enunomaduro)** under the **[MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)**.

Commit message:

docs: adds rector to readme

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nunomaduro/skeleton-php/master/docs/example.png" height="300" alt="Skeleton Php">
    <p align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/nunomaduro/skeleton-php/actions"><img alt="GitHub Workflow Status (master)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/nunomaduro/skeleton-php/Continuous Integration/master"></a>
        <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/nunomaduro/skeleton-php"><img alt="Total Downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/nunomaduro/skeleton-php"></a>
        <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/nunomaduro/skeleton-php"><img alt="Latest Version" src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/nunomaduro/skeleton-php"></a>
        <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/nunomaduro/skeleton-php"><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/nunomaduro/skeleton-php"></a>
    </p>
</p>

------
This package provides a wonderful **PHP Skeleton** to start building your next package idea.

> **Requires [PHP 7.3.0+](https://php.net/releases/)**

⚡️ Create your package using [Composer](https://getcomposer.org):

```bash
composer create-project nunomaduro/skeleton-php --prefer-source PackageName
```

🧹 Lint, and keep a modern codebase with **PHP CS Fixer** & **Rector**:
```bash
composer lint
```

⚗️ Run static analysis using **PHPStan**:
```bash
composer test:types
```

✅ Run unit tests using **PEST**
```bash
composer test:unit
```

🚀 Run the entire test suite:
```bash
composer test
```

**Skeleton PHP** was created by **[Nuno Maduro](https://twitter.com/enunomaduro)** under the **[MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)**.
